#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Uncover"
(Choerry, the youngest member of OEC, is doing a photo shoot!)
(The other members changed their clothes!)
JinSoul: This is... How can I say this...
JinSoul: This is really colorful clothes!
JinSoul: Our first and second outfits were all black clothes.
JinSoul: But as you see, this is a bit colorful~
JinSoul: How do we look today?
Kim Lip: Not so good?
JinSoul: Don't we look pretty?
(They forcing PD to answer...)
(Sweet Crazy Girls)
JinSoul: Pretty~
Kim Lip: JinSoul, you're so beautiful~
JinSoul: I think we, LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE, are so beautiful!
JinSoul: Well... I'm sorry...
Kim Lip: Sorry..
Kim Lip: I won't do this again...
JinSoul: (Lie) Actually we're not beautiful at all~
Kim Lip: Sorry again... I swear I'm not gonna do like that any more...
(But actually they're beautiful...)
(And it looks like they already know they're pretty...)